# 0.20.1-beta.1

Resolved the declarations for the thingworx global functions such as `dateAddDays` that had improper return types. ([stefan-lacatus](https://github.com/stefan-lacatus))

# 0.19.0-beta.1

Added support for using inferred types in property declarations and data shape field declarations. ([stefan-lacatus](https://github.com/stefan-lacatus))

Resolved an issue that cause base type errors to report the invalid base types as `undefined` rather than the actual types.

Resolved an issue that caused permission decorators applied to templates to be incorrectly emitted as runtime permissions instead of instance runtime permissions. ([stefan-lacatus](https://github.com/stefan-lacatus))

Resolved an issue that caused multiproject builds to fail on windows systems.

# 0.18.0-beta.1

Removed `gulp` as a dev dependency and the build script using it. Use `npm run build` to build this release, which just executes `tsc` directly.

The core thingworx types are now included with the transformer instead of being part of the thingworx projects.

Added support for building sub projects when the project name is set to `"@auto"` in twconfig.

Added support for using compile time constants (such as env variables) in the `@config` decorator.

Added support for the `THINGGROUP` type.

Added support for generating dummy thing declaration for thing template and thing shape entities and the `"generateThingInstances"` property in twconfig.

Resolves an issue where creating debug builds could fail in certain cases.

# 0.17.0-beta.1

Added the ability to generate "debug" builds, to be used with the `BMDebugger` extension.

# 0.16.0-beta.1

Adds support for the `@unit` decorator.

Resolves an issue that caused an improper declaration to be created when creating a user list with multiple users or groups. ([dwil618](https://github.com/dwil618))

# 0.15.0-beta.1

Changes by [dwil618](https://github.com/dwil618)

Added support for the `@minimum` and `@maximum` decorator on numeric properties.

Added support for date initializers using the `new Date(string)` constructor.

# 0.14.0-beta.1

Added support for specifying the data shape of a data thing via the generic argument of the template type.

Added support for the `DataThing` utility function.

Added preliminary support for the `@config` decorator.

# 0.13.1-beta.1

Resolves an issue that caused the `@editable` decorator to not work for non-thing entities.

Visibility decorators applied to user lists will now apply to all of their members.

# 0.13.0-beta.1

Adds support for parsing classes that extend from `UserList` and emitting XML files that contain users and groups.

Adds support for parsing classes that extend from `OrganizationBase` and emitting XML files that contain organizations.

Adds support for parsing the `@allow`, `@allowInstance`, `@deny` and `@denyInstance` decorators and emitting permissions in XML files.

Adds support for parsing the `@visible` and `@visibleInstance` decorators and emitting visibility permissions in XML files.

Adds support for pasing the `@deploy` decorator and exposing a list of endpoints that match the services with that decorator.

Adds support for inlining environment variables.

# 0.12.0-beta.1

Adds support for specifying the `baseDataShape` attribute on data shapes and for the `@DataShapeDefinition` decorator. This feature doesn't seem to work yet in Thingworx though, so it is not included in the project template.

# 0.11.3-beta.1

Resolves an issue that caused replacement for constants and `this` to fail in service code.

# 0.11.2-beta.1

Resolves an issue that caused descriptions to be omitted.

# 0.11.1-beta.1

Resolves an issue that caused an issue with transforming service arguments, leading to code that would crash at runtime.

# 0.11.0-beta.1

Updated Typescript to version 4.

Added support for specifying the type of destructured service parameters as an interface, in addition to a literal type.

# 0.10.0-beta.1

Added support for the `@ordinal(_)` decorator which can be used to specify ordinal values on data shape fields.

Added support for the `autoGenerateDataShapeOrdinals` configuration flag which, when set to `true`, causes the transformer to assign automatically generated ordinal values to data shape fields that don't use the `@ordinal` decorator. The values will start from 0 and increase by 1 for each field.

# 0.9.0-beta.1

Added support for the `@exportName(_)` decorator which can be used to assign an entity name that is different from the class name. This can be useful when the project's naming conventions aren't compatible with the javascript identifier naming rules. Additionally, with the infotables and event types, it is now possible to specify a data shape name instead of a data shape type as a type argument. For types that aren't erased (e.g. property, argument and return types) it is required to use the data shape name if it is different from its class name.

Added support for referencing thing templates and thing shapes in extends clauses via string literals.

Added support for setting the `projectName` property on a transformer instance. This will cause the specified value to be used as the `projectName` attribute of the exported entity.

Resolves an issue that caused implemented shapes to not be included in the XML files.

Added support for specifying a `store` object where transformer instances will be retained. When specified, these will no longer be added to the global object.

Thrown errors that aren't caught will no longer display the call stack. Additionally, the line and character positions where transformation failed will now be displayed in error in place of the file position.

Added experimental support for global code.

# 0.4.0-beta.1

Since the all caps base types don't blend in nicely with generic typescript type names, this versions has added support for lowercase variants to the Thingworx base type names, with the exception of the various entity name types which are camel cased.

Additionally, the following conversions are now done:
 * `void` can be used as `NOTHING`
 * `Date` can be used as `DATETIME`

# 0.2.0-beta.1

Added support for `JSON` and `TWJSON` types. Further improved error handling when specifying unknown base types in certain scenarios.

Added support for converting JSDoc into thingworx descriptions.

# 0.1.0-beta.1

The transformer will now inline all const enums used in property initializers, argument initializers or method bodies.

# 0.0.1-alpha.6

Resolves an import error when returning thingnames with constraints from services.

Added support for the `@override` decorator, which must be specified on services that override a parent implementation.

# 0.0.1-alpha.5

Resolves a crash when returning infotables or thingnames from results.

# 0.0.1-alpha.4

Resolves an issue where the base thing template for a thing template was improperly specified as `thingTemplate` instead of `baseThingTemplate`.

Resolves an issue where literals other than strings or numbers that were specified in property initializers would be ignored and cause a crash during compilation.

Added support for configuration table definition decorators.

# 0.0.1-alpha.3

Inital Release